hey so this is this a it's my name's
Emmeline it's the video response to my
future hit me my Britney um I hate
Britney down and I spend to say that
your story was not weird at all the man
29 years old but and I don't like it but
um well I've had a lot of situations
kind of similar to that um like in
fourth grade I had a teacher that called
not only to me but a lot of other
students stupid if we didn't understand
the problem we'd be like we should
explain to it she explained it to her
she would explain it to us after we
asked said we understand it and then
after she explained it to us we still
understand that she could where are you
stupid or something so that's one
experience and don't mind my voice I
have a cold so i'm getting over a cold
actually anyway um and then I had this
principle she was my principal in the
sixth grade and the eighth grade yeah
yeah and she was like a nut she um well
before I was diagnosed with the mind the
sword i had that i have by patents first
i want to get into that if you want to
hear about that i liked my video head to
that on my like channel it's called my
hypo to terrorism story but anyway yeah
well it before us i know so that
everyone bought the lot people including
this principle and some of the other
faculty at that school stop it my mom
was holding me back and that she was the
cause of my problems so i had like
really long hair too i had like down my
stomach hair hmm and she thought I need
to get on my hair cut off and me ran up
and down in the gym till I got cut got
to be where I should be you till I got
to be we're all supposed to be a good
look but other kids my age and then an
8000 thing else to spray would not
happen then kept up having an 8th grader
to in an eighth grade one time um there
lets rule we have this huge school like
it's a 58 school
and um and I was like four foot 7 and
real skinny the time and the free minute
class and with a bunch of kids running
around and big tall kids mostly kids
were like wait of her you know hovering
over me and so game class the time is
like impossible and such as for my class
that bike on a different end of the
school so and the rule is if you get
three it is it three the three toys you
get attention I think yeah and so an
excuse Tories of course but um so just
meet those doesn't my third time